https://codingcompiler.com/angular-2-interview-questions/
https://github.com/sudheerj/angular-interview-questions

1. Why angular and Angular JS vs 2 and latest version and its features
2. code structure
3. How do you ensure angular performnce
4. Routing and its parametrs and how to pass paramter data to another, pathmatching
5. component evel interaction, input, output
6. all about services
7. life cycle hooks and constrictr vs ngoninit
8. how app executes first with pacllkge json
9. Forms reactive,dynamic
10. Testing
11. observabls vs promise, rxjs
12. Spa
13. @injectable
14. how bootstrapping app works
https://angular.io/guide/bootstrapping
15. anguar architecture
16. types of directives and types of decarators
17. directive vs component

What are TypeScript Types? In Detail?
How would you Optimize the Angular 2 Application for Better Performance?
What are the Securities Threats should we be Aware of in Angular 2 Applications?
What Is The Need For Typescript In Angular2?
What Is @ngmodule?
What Is Traceur Compiler ?
What Is Primeng? How Can It Be Used With Angular2?
How Routing Works In Angular?
What Are Event Emitters And How It Works In Angular 2?
What Is The Use Of Codelyzer In Angular 2 Application.?
How Would You Define Custom Typings To Avoid Editor Warnings?
What Is Shadow Dom? How Is It Helping Angular 2 To Perform Better? does angular follow shadow DOM or real DOM or virtual DOM?
Difference Between Constructor And Ngoninit?
What Are The Core Differences Between Observables And Promises?
What is the possible order of life-cycle hooks?
What's new in angular latest release ?
How would you create a component to display error messages throughout your application?
What are the difference between Renderer and ElementRef in angular 2?
What is hidden property in Angular 2?
What are differences between Components and Directives?
How To Create & Call Angular 2 Services in Components?
How do we create a singleton service in Angular 2?
How HTTP Client is Interact with Angular 2 Servers?
What the best way to inject one service into another in angular 2?
What is a pure and impure pipe?
What is Async Pipe?
How to create and use a custom Pipes?
How can you add an active class to a selected element in a list component?
What is Routing Concepts in Angular 2?
What is RouterOutlet?
Is it possible to have a multiple router-outlet in the same template?
What is RouterLink?
What is Dependency Injection (DI) in Angular 2?
What is @Injectable()? Why Use?
What is @Inject()? Why Use?
@Injectable() vs. @Inject()?
What is Dependency Injection (DI) in Angular 2?
What would you have in a shared module?
What is the purpose of NgModule??
 What is Transpiling in Angular?
 What is ng-content Directive? 

Angular Forms
Angular Testing























